# projectThreePortfolio
by Sophia Deng

# Project Overview
This project I put together to create a festival was to help raise awareness for animals. They don't have voice for themselves, so I do think this topic is important to bring up. I put togehter a festival that's both educating and fun for anyone who's interested in animals, and is considering adoption. We want to create better lives for animals to avoid negelct and help them recieve better care.

# Technical Overview
For each page, I created separate css pages for me to organize each page better and for all of them I made the header and footer the same. For all the headers, the texts have a hover affects showing that it can be click able and I did the same for the footer. My landing page is details about the festival, second page is about the events for each page, third page is the tickets that can be purchased, and the last page is the merchandise people can buy. I have the first and third page the same colors scheme, and the second and fourth page are the same color scheme. I wanted each page to alternate colors. For the landing page, I wanted the formatting to be simple with a round image and justified text right next to it on the right. I gave the text line spacing, so that the paragraph doesn't look too clumped together. I also added a button for the link to buy tickets to show they could purchase tickets in two different spots, the middle of the page and the header. For the events page, I wanted my three text boxes to alternate from left to right and back to left. Since I used lists, there was enough spacing and it didn't need any line spacing. When you first click into the events page, you'll see three images of stamps you can get during the opening event. My favorite page is the tickets and pets page because of the scrolling iamges at the bottom. It was my first time trying that and it was definitely alot to learn. The scroll does go by a bit fast, but I did give it an animation-play-state to be able to pause the scoll when hovering over it. When hovering over it, I did add filters to change the grayscales, so that when you hover over a specific image, all the other ones around it was turn gray and the one that hovered over will be the only one with color. Above the scolling images, I put the ticket options that could be bought and kept it simple with a lavendar background color. I did give the text a hover affect to make it more obvious that it's click able. My last page, where you can purchase merchandise has a simple layout of two images in the middle. The name and price for each item is above the images of the merchandise, and the images have hover affects to mimic clickable items.

# Acknowledgements
Link to my AI generated Images: https://www.dropbox.com/scl/fo/m8egiqqo354qg0bvfoj91/AIXTS6gJjEpQDcVW9HpNeyM?rlkey=nv7zn0nle9oyp2jwguq290agf&st=8r5g4jj7&dl=0

Link to CSS Code Used for Animal Images/Scrolling images on Tickets/Pets page: https://youtu.be/mF9yOwlunWk?si=Wu5rd9JsLP6Tlf3V